Add Cytomining organization GitHub Pages redirects for main organization link and existing projects (#1)
cytomining/cytomining.github.io: README.md

# Cytomining organization GitHub Pages configuration

This repo includes content which helps create links via GitHub Pages related to the Cytomining Organization.

## Development

> HTML content may be placed within the `/docs` folder which is then rendered on merge to `main`.
> Work here is adapted from [the documentation found in this Gist](https://gist.github.com/domenic/1f286d415559b56d725bee51a62c24a7).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may place HTML content within the `/docs` folder, which is then rendered on merge to `main`.
We adapt work here from [the documentation found in this Gist](https://gist.github.com/domenic/1f286d415559b56d725bee51a62c24a7).
```
